{\rtf \li720 \fi-720 \sl240 \slmult1 \sa0 ResearchGate. \uc0\u8222{}(2) (PDF) Volumetric Mapping of Intra\uc0\u8208{} and Extracellular PH in the Human Brain Using 31P MRSI at 7T\uc0\u8220{}. Zugegriffen 6. April 2020. https://www.researchgate.net/publication/340364396_Volumetric_mapping_of_intra-_and_extracellular_pH_in_the_human_brain_using_31P_MRSI_at_7T.\
IBM Research Blog. \uc0\u8222{}AI Models Predict Breast Cancer with Radiologist-Level Accuracy\uc0\u8220{}, 18. Juni 2019. https://www.ibm.com/blogs/research/2019/06/ai-models-radiologist-level-accuracy/.\
Batmanov, Kirill, Jan Delabie, und Junbai Wang. \uc0\u8222{}BayesPI-BAR2: A New Python Package for Predicting Functional Non-Coding Mutations in Cancer Patient Cohorts\uc0\u8220{}. {\i{}Frontiers in Genetics} 10 (2019). https://doi.org/10.3389/fgene.2019.00282.\
Benzekry, S\uc0\u233{}bastien, Clare Lamont, Afshin Beheshti, Amanda Tracz, John M. L. Ebos, Lynn Hlatky, und Philip Hahnfeldt. \uc0\u8222{}Classical Mathematical Models for Description and Prediction of Experimental Tumor Growth\uc0\u8220{}. {\i{}PLOS Computational Biology} 10, Nr. 8 (28. August 2014): e1003800. https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pcbi.1003800.\
BMBF-Internetredaktion. \uc0\u8222{}Karliczek: K\uc0\u252{}nstliche Intelligenz f\uc0\u252{}r Krebsbehandlung nutzen - BMBF\uc0\u8220{}. Bundesministerium f\uc0\u252{}r Bildung und Forschung - BMBF. Zugegriffen 26. M\uc0\u228{}rz 2020. https://www.bmbf.de/de/karliczek-kuenstliche-intelligenz-fuer-krebsbehandlung-nutzen-11047.html.\
\uc0\u8222{}Cancer Facts & Figures 2016 | American Cancer Society\uc0\u8220{}. Zugegriffen 17. April 2020. https://www.cancer.org/research/cancer-facts-statistics/all-cancer-facts-figures/cancer-facts-figures-2016.html.\
Data.gov. \uc0\u8222{}Data.Gov\uc0\u8220{}. Zugegriffen 19. April 2020. https://www.data.gov/.\
\uc0\u8222{}Digitale Diagnostik f\uc0\u252{}r gezielte Krebstherapie\uc0\u8220{}. Zugegriffen 26. M\uc0\u228{}rz 2020. https://www.healthcare-computing.de/digitale-diagnostik-fuer-gezielte-krebstherapie-a-912839/.\
\uc0\u8222{}Double Reading in Breast Cancer Screening: Cohort Evaluation in the CO-OPS Trial | Radiology\uc0\u8220{}. Zugegriffen 19. April 2020. https://pubs.rsna.org/doi/full/10.1148/radiol.2018171010.\
Gad, Ahmed. \uc0\u8222{}Genetic Algorithm Implementation in Python\uc0\u8220{}. Medium, 13. Juni 2019. https://towardsdatascience.com/genetic-algorithm-implementation-in-python-5ab67bb124a6.\
\uc0\u8222{}GHO\uc0\u8220{}. Zugegriffen 19. April 2020. https://www.who.int/data/maternal-newborn-child-adolescent/monitor.\
Herman, Alexander B., Van M. Savage, und Geoffrey B. West. \uc0\u8222{}A Quantitative Theory of Solid Tumor Growth, Metabolic Rate and Vascularization\uc0\u8220{}. {\i{}PLoS ONE} 6, Nr. 9 (29. September 2011). https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0022973.\
\uc0\u8222{}Human Mortality Database\uc0\u8220{}. Zugegriffen 19. April 2020. https://www.mortality.org/.\
\uc0\u8222{}Introduction to Optimization with Genetic Algorithm\uc0\u8220{}. Zugegriffen 20. M\uc0\u228{}rz 2020. https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/introduction-optimization-genetic-algorithm-ahmed-gad.\
Mallawaarachchi, Vijini. \uc0\u8222{}Introduction to Genetic Algorithms \uc0\u8212{} Including Example Code\uc0\u8220{}. Medium, 1. M\uc0\u228{}rz 2020. https://towardsdatascience.com/introduction-to-genetic-algorithms-including-example-code-e396e98d8bf3.\
Mayo, Charles S., Marc L. Kessler, Avraham Eisbruch, Grant Weyburne, Mary Feng, James A. Hayman, Shruti Jolly, u.\uc0\u160{}a. \uc0\u8222{}The Big Data Effort in Radiation Oncology: Data Mining or Data Farming?\uc0\u8220{} {\i{}Advances in Radiation Oncology} 1, Nr. 4 (1. Oktober 2016): 260\uc0\u8211{}71. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.adro.2016.10.001.\
ResearchGate. \uc0\u8222{}(PDF) Applications of Machine Learning in Cancer Prediction and Prognosis\uc0\u8220{}. Zugegriffen 19. April 2020. http://dx.doi.org/10.1177/117693510600200030.\
ResearchGate. \uc0\u8222{}(PDF) Applying Genetic Algorithms on Pattern Recognition: An Analysis and Survey\uc0\u8220{}. Zugegriffen 5. M\uc0\u228{}rz 2020. http://dx.doi.org/10.1109/ICPR.1996.546921.\
\uc0\u8222{}Search | HealthData.gov\uc0\u8220{}. Zugegriffen 19. April 2020. https://healthdata.gov/search/type/dataset?query=cancer.\
Sun, Yingshuai, Sitao Zhu, Kailong Ma, Weiqing Liu, Yao Yue, Gang Hu, Huifang Lu, und Wenbin Chen. \uc0\u8222{}Identification of 12 Cancer Types through Genome Deep Learning\uc0\u8220{}. {\i{}Scientific Reports} 9, Nr. 1 (21. November 2019): 1\uc0\u8211{}9. https://doi.org/10.1038/s41598-019-53989-3.\
tien-tang. {\i{}tien-tang/tumor-classification_growth-rate}. MATLAB, 2020. https://github.com/tien-tang/tumor-classification_growth-rate.\
}